As a registered user, I want to subscribe to Cinema premium, so that I can access premium features.
As a registered user, I want to enter my payment details, so that I can subscribe to Cinema premium.
As an administrator, I want an overview of historic user payments, so that I can identify customer payment-related issues.
As a premium user, I want to change my automated renew subscription status, so that it aligns with my needs.
As a premium user, I want to view my subscription status, so that I am informed about whether it's active.
As a premium user, I want to view my subscription start date, so that I am informed about my subscription.
As a premium user, I want to view my subscription end date, so that I am informed about my subscription.
As a premium user, I want to view my subscription price, so that I am informed about my subscription.
As a premium user, I want to view my subscription cancellation date, so that I am informed about my subscription.
As a premium user, I want to update my PaymentMethod details, so that I can ensure my Subscription stays active.
As a premium user, I want to delete my PaymentMethod details, so that I can ensure I am not billed.
As a premium user, I want to cancel my subscription, so that I can ensure I am not billed.
As an administrator, I want to flag suspicious activity based on user location history, so that I can detect fraudulent behaviour.
As an administrator, I want to change a premium user's automated renew subscription status, so that it aligns with their needs.
As an administrator, I want to view a premium user's subscription status, so that I am informed about whether it's active.
As an administrator, I want to change a premium user's subscription status, so that it aligns with their needs.
As an administrator, I want to view a premium user's subscription start date, so that I am informed about their subscription.
As an administrator, I want to change a premium user's subscription start date, so that it aligns with their needs.
As an administrator, I want to view a premium user's subscription end date, so that I am informed about their subscription.
As an administrator, I want to change a premium user's subscription end date, so that it aligns with their needs.
As an administrator, I want to view a premium user's subscription price, so that I am informed about their subscription.
As an administrator, I want to change a premium user's subscription price, so that it aligns with their needs.
As an administrator, I want to view a premium user's subscription cancellation date, so that I am informed about their subscription.
As an administrator, I want to change a premium user's subscription cancellation date, so that it aligns with their needs.
As an administrator, I want to update a premium user's payment method details, so that I can ensure their subscription stays active.
As an administrator, I want to delete a premium user's payment method details, so that I can ensure they are not billed.
As an administrator, I want to cancel a premium user's subscription, so that I can ensure they are not billed.
As a premium user, I want to view movie showtimes, so that I can plan my cinema trip accordingly.
As a premium user, I want to view the cinema room for a specific movie showing, so that I can make an informed decision.
As a premium user, I want to view the ticket price for a specific movie showing, so that I can make an informed decision.
As a premium user, I want to view the external page of a specific movie showing, so that I can view more information.
As a premium user, I want to mark favourite movie theatres, so that I select movie showings in the best theatres.
As a premium user, I want to access movie showing information for major cinema chains, so that I can explore a wide range of movie options.
As a premium user, I want to access movie showing information for film houses, so that I can explore a wide range of movie options.
As a premium user, I want to see on what streaming platform specific series are streamed, so that I know where to find it.
As a premium user, I want to see on what streaming platform specific seasons are streamed, so that I know where to find it.
As a premium user, I want to view the external streaming page of a specific series, so that I can view more information.
As a premium user, I want to view the external streaming page of a specific season, so that I can view more information.
As a premium user, I want to view from where series can be accessed, so that I can be informed about regional licensing restrictions.
As an administrator, I want to add a movie manually, so that I can include movies not supported by automatic integrations.
As an administrator, I want to edit a movie manually, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to delete a movie manually, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to add an episode manually, so that I can include episodes not supported by automatic integrations.
As an administrator, I want to edit an episode manually, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to delete an episode manually, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to add a season manually, so that I can include seasons not supported by automatic integrations.
As an administrator, I want to edit a season manually, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to delete a season manually, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to add a cinema manually, so that I can include cinemas not supported by automatic integrations.
As an administrator, I want to add a film house manually, so that I can include film houses not supported by automatic integrations.
As an administrator, I want to delete a cinema manually, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to delete a film house manually, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to edit a cinema manually, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to edit a film house manually, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to add a specific movie showing manually, so that I can include movie showings not supported by automatic integrations.
As an administrator, I want to delete a specific movie showing manually, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to edit a specific movie showing manually, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to add a specific streaming platform, so that I can include streaming platforms not supported by automatic integrations.
As an administrator, I want to edit a specific streaming platform, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As an administrator, I want to delete a specific streaming platform, so that I can ensure the system stays up-to-date.
As a premium user, I want to view the cinema city for a specific movie showing, so that I can make an informed decision.
As a premium user, I want my location to be gathered, so that I can get accurate movie showing information nearby.
As a premium user, I want nearby movie showings to be sorted by distance to me, so that I can view relevant showings first.
As a premium user, I want to view only the top 5 nearby movie showings, so that I can view relevant showings first.
As a premium user, I want my nearby movie showings to have a standard range limit of 5km, so that I can view only relevant movie showing information nearby.
As a premium user, I want my nearby movie showings to have an automatically adjusted range limit based on movie showings density, so that I can view only relevant movie showings nearby.
As a premium user, I want to specify a location range for nearby movie showings, so that I can view only relevant movie showing information.
As a premium user, I want to search for movie showings for a self-specified location, so that I can get accurate movie showing information for a future location of mine.
As a user, I want to search for movies by director, so that I can find specific movies.
As a user, I want to search for movies by cast members, so that I can find specific movies.
As a user, I want to search for movies by crew members, so that I can find specific movies.
As a user, I want to search for movies by production company, so that I can find specific movies.
As a registered user, I want the application to recommend movies based on my meta-data, so that it saves me time searching.
As a user, I want to search for movies by genre, so that I can find specific movies.
As a premium user, I want to share a specific movie showing on WhatsApp, so that I can let my friends know.
As a premium user, I want to share a specific movie showing via email, so that I can let my friends know.
As a premium user, I want to share a specific movie showing on Telegram, so that I can let my friends know.
As a premium user, I want to share a specific movie showing on Instagram, so that I can let my friends know.
As a premium user, I want to import a specific movie showing to my calendar, so that I have a record of all my movie plans in one place.
As a registered user, I want to set my lists to private, so that I can ensure my privacy when I want.
As a registered user, I want to set my lists to public, so that I can ensure my privacy when I want.
As a registered user, I want to organize my lists into self-defined categories, so that I can manage them effectively.
