As a manager, I want to have an overview and modification functionality of all ongoing and upcoming sessions, tutor and student statuses, and matching details, so that I can address issues in real time.
As a manager, I want tutors to be able to upload their files (CV, and other documents), so that I can have them at hand to aid me in hiring.
As a manager, I want students to be able to indicate their availability for the session, so that the matching can be made.
As a manager, I want for tutors to be able to indicate their availability for sessions, so that the matching can be made.
As a manager, I want for students to be able to state their address, so that the matching can be made.
As a manager, I want for tutors to be able to state their address, so that the matching can be made.
As a manager, I want the students to be able to choose between online and in-person session types, so that the number of potential matches can be increased.
As a manager, I want to be able to verify accounts of students and tutors.
As a student, I want to be able to make my account, so that I can access the platform where I can manage my matches, sessions, and pay securely.
As a student, I want to be able to select one or multiple subjects I want to be tutored in.
As a student, I want to choose the type of session: online or in-person.
As a tutor, I want to be able to make an account with my personal information, so that I can access the platform where I can find clients for my services.
As a tutor, I want to be able to provide my files (CV, and other documents) in the system, so that the hiring process is easy and streamlined.
As a tutor, I want to specify my subjects, so that I can be matched to a student based on this.
As a tutor, I want to specify my availability, so that I can be matched to a student based on this.
As a tutor, I want to update my availability dynamically in the app, so that I don't get matched for unavailable slots.
As a tutor, I want to specify my location, so that I can be matched to a student based on this.
As a tutor, I want to be able to cancel a session.
As a manager, I want students and tutors to be automatically matched based on address, subject, and availability, so that I do not have to do it manually.
As a manager, I want the matching functionality to enforce strict criteria, so that partial matches do not have to be provided.
As a manager, I want the system to search for a match until the tutor is found every hour.
As a student, I want to be matched with a tutor that teaches the subject I am interested in.
As a student, I want to be matched with a tutor that lives in the same area.
As a student, I want to be matched with a tutor that is available in the hours I have specified.
As a student, I want to be matched with a tutor who, if located far away, can offer online sessions, so that I can still receive tutoring regardless of location.
As a tutor, I want to be matched with a student that is interested in the subject I teach.
As a tutor, I want to be matched with a student that lives in the same area.
As a tutor, I want to be matched with a student that is available in the hours I have specified.
As a tutor, I want to be matched with a student who, if located far away, can agree to online sessions, so that I can still provide my services regardless of location.
As a manager, I want students to receive notifications about an upcoming session on WhatsApp 1 and 3 days prior, so that the no-show rate decreases.
As a manager, I want tutors to receive notifications about an upcoming session on WhatsApp, so that the no-show rate decreases.
As a manager, I want the platform to have a chat function with restricted sharing of personal contact information, so that I can ensure tutors adhere to platform policies and do not exchange phone numbers directly.
As a manager, I want the student to receive an email when the match is found.
As a student, I want to receive email confirmation after payment, so that I have proof of transaction and assurance that my payment was successfully processed.
As a student, I want to be notified if a session is cancelled by the tutor.
As a tutor, I want to receive notifications three and one day prior to the session date, so that I don't forget the session.
As a tutor, I want to be notified if a session is cancelled by the student.
As a manager, I want students to be able to rate each session, so that the credit system can calculate the rating of the tutor.
As a manager, I want a credit system for tutors to include the feedback from multiple sessions, no-show rate, and late count.
As a manager, I want the credit system to reward tutors for regular students, so that the tutors have motivation to not arrange sessions outside the system.
As a manager, I want the credit system to consider all available data.
As a tutor, I want to be able to view my ratings.
As a tutor, I want to see session-specific feedback, so that I can improve my performance based on student input.
As a manager, I want the system to be integrated with the external accounting service that is already in place.
As a manager, I want students to be billed by automatically transferring them to the paying system, so that the user experience is enhanced.
As a manager, I want students to receive automated receipts after successful payments, so that the payment process feels transparent.
As a manager, I want the session to be considered for the salary even if the student did not show up.
As a tutor, I want to view a detailed breakdown of my earnings, including completed sessions and cancellations, so that I can track my income.
As a manager, I want to access information about shortages of students or tutors by neighborhoods, so that I can advertise the services in the given areas.
